# Who pays for work? Individuals and Companies or even governments. Especially when everything is becoming digitalized. We are seeing more examples of non-professionals doing this work as well who are volunteers
# Who does the work? Professionals, Professors, Students, Volunteers, history enthusiasts. There is a very wie variety of reasons that put these things into place. With the technology availible more and more people can begin to contribute
# Ethical Dimensions? There are worries about volunteers being used because of the fact that they are unpaid and often volunteers are manually transcribing these historical documents. Other dimensions are that the efficacy of the transcriptions as volunteers may not be as motivated to "get it right"
# Carletons library and library resources are a great tool for acquiring these materials. They have been put together specifically for us students to use and are quite helpful. As for the tools to transcribe our own research Carleton does not really provide tools. I only now know about the functions we have used through this course. I thought I had to be a computer genius to do some of the stuff we are doing only in week 2. It is definitely opening doors I never knew thw combination to previously
# Some of the barriers I can see to using the resources Carleton provides is the simplest access to internet. Especially with the pandemic currently Im sure many students are strugling with access as they may not have good internet or internet alone. There are also many walls to get through in order to access the resources some of which can only be accessed on Carleton WIFI. 
# I feel as though I fit into the Digital machnine as a young students. I am blessed to be able to learn and utilize these tools at my disposal. I am also very fortunate to live in a day and age where digital history is becoming the new norm and I am able to be a apart of the development of these new ways of history. 
# Overall this week was defineittly challenging but I have a new respect for the way hitorians are doing there jobs and did not realize how handy basic coding could be in the way of this job. 
# I also now understand why computer programmers get paid so well. lol.
